udpate vector db async docs (#220)
agno-agi/agno-docs: vectordb/cassandra.mdx

agent.print_response(
    "What are the health benefits of Khao Niew Dam Piek Maphrao Awn?", markdown=True, show_full_reasoning=True
)
```

<Card title="Async Support ⚡">
  <div className="mt-2">
    <p>

>       Cassandra now supports asynchronous operations for improved performance in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Cassandra also supports asynchronous operations, enabling concurrency and leading to better performance.
```
